In Albers’s (2003) article, he discusses the importance of single sourcing and its relationship to craftsman production and the technical communicator’s career path. 
I liked the mention of Albers’s craftsman production. I had never heard of this term before but understand that this method is what writers use. The craftsman model of production includes writers handcrafting their own pieces of documentation. Even if writers may use style guides, each writer will still leave some type of individual stamp on his or her writing. Albers relates this process to programmers designing and coding separate parts of websites, which may result in poorly designed interfaces, performance, and operation. 
This method is still often used in single sourcing. In single sourcing, different writers may have written sections and paragraphs next to one another. Albers suggest technical communicators shed this this model and create “complex dynamic information sets of modern single-sourced Web-based systems” that are not handcrafted. 
Albers also mentions single-sourcing environments demand distinctions between junior and senior positions. While junior writers may write the elements that will populate a repository, the senior writers may act as information analysts, designers, architects, and technologists that decide what texts need to be generated, what pieces are assembled for multiple outputs, etc. 
Like other articles, Albers discusses the idea of how document and knowledge management may give the technical communicator a larger role in an organization. At the beginning of the semester, I did not think that learning single sourcing and other technologies and tools would give me the knowledge of how to ensure my role as a technical communicator in an organization. These skills – as well as straying away from the craftsman model – will allow technical communicator to have a more respective position in companies. Likewise, Albers shows the distinction between junior and senior technical communicator roles, which allowed me to see what duties I may be tasked with in regards to single sourcing and other areas when I first begin my career. 
