In William Hart-Davidson’s “Content Management: Beyond Single-Sourcing,” he implies that today’s technical communicators can be also labeled as content managers. In the article, he mentions technical communicators “are not merely writers any more” and lists new titles technical writers have taken on: editors, information architects, usability analysts, interaction designers, project managers, client liaisons, and now content managers. 
Hart-Davidson creates a guide consisting of three duties that technical communicators should perform to improve their organization’s content strategy. Technical communicators can use this guide to expand their roles and responsibilities as content managers in their organizations. The author shows the three categories in action by showing the experiences of a technical communicator/content analyst during her daily activities.  
I enjoyed reading Sonia’s response in the article. The excerpt allowed me to see the three areas that Hart-Davidson mentioned in action and in a real world environment. I liked that some of her basic duties asked her to act as a technical communicator – communicating with developers and knowing how to communicate through email or over the phone – while other duties asked her to be part of the project from start to end. This part of the article reminded me of Anderson’s insistence on technical communicators integrating into every part of a project. Sonia appeared to be doing this – starting from translating raw code to writing contract memos to reviewing tested outputs from developers. I have always thought of technical communicators as a lower rung on an organization’s ladder – keeping in line with Hart-Davidson’s analogies. As a result, it was surprising for me to see a technical communicator being valued enough to be a part of every stage of production. While there are risks to technical communicators focusing on content management, I feel like it gives another avenue for current technical communicators and offers expanded opportunities for future ones. I believe Hart-Davidson is correct when he mentions content management will be critical to the development of the field of technical communication. I think content management will allow technical communicators to play larger roles in projects and in organizations overall. 
