When I first started reading Rainey and Dayton (2005), I was not surprised by their main list of findings. The list includes the typical skills of being able to communicate with a specific audience and work with SMEs. However, later in the article, I was surprised the authors mention the importance of business and management skills for technical communicators. Although I have heard of some classmates taking management or business as cognates, I have never had any interest in the subjects. It may be beneficial to have some knowledge or background in these fields, but I don’t see them as required skillsets or areas technical communicators would focus on during their daily tasks. I was also not expecting the managers to place emphasis on technical communicators’ knowledge of foreign languages. 
The list of lower-ranked competencies shocked me since some of the items listed we study in this program. For instance, in principles and in the usability course, we learn about and practice performing usability tests. The survey results also listed oral presentations and single sourcing, which are taught in two other courses as well. Along these lines, the authors also discuss curriculum and mention Whiteside (2003), who calls for regional and national panels to review and recommend curriculum for technical communication programs. Since the article is 12 years old now, I am not sure if this idea ever came into fruition or if some of the skills have changed importance. 
Rainey and Dayton suggest potential careers for technical communicators in the future. The authors’ choices include careers in business and financial areas. At first, both of these seemed like stretches to me. However, I found the idea of writing documentation for the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to be interesting. I would not have thought that technical communicators could play a role in preventing any more financial scandals. Again, as the article is older, I do wonder if the authors would see these careers still as the future of technical communicators or if they would suggest different areas now. 
