Spyridakis (2015) continues the discussion that many have had before her: does technical communication curriculum prepare graduates for roles as technical communicators in the real world? Spyridakis examines past discussions on this topic as well as adds her own research to reach a conclusion and provide suggestions. After researching technical communication programs and reviewing the STC’s website, Spyridakis finds that these programs should offer courses on fundamentals, genres, international communication, management and collaboration, design, user experience, research methods, programming, and tools. 
Spyridakis’s article and most of the others we have read continue to study this same topic. Each author uses different methods to find if technical communication curriculum prepares graduates for corresponding positions in the real world. For example, Spyridakis – the most recently published – studies 15 undergraduate programs whereas Lanier (2009) uses jobs ads of technical communicators to distinguish what subjects schools should focus on teaching. After a while, reading studies on the same topic became almost tiresome. I wanted to know why no one had reached a conclusion yet. However, after reading Carliner’s history of technical communication and seeing how the requirements for technical communication in the workplace have changed within ten years, it made me realize that this question of curriculum will only continue as the field continues to evolve alongside technology. 
Spyridakis and the other articles continue to show the importance of having other skills beyond technical writing. For instance, Albers (2005) mentions “a change in employers' hiring over the past 10 years: a shift to an underlying assumption that new graduates can write—after all, they have technical communication degrees” (p. 269). As a result, technical communicators should have an expanded skillset. While some researchers recommend have knowledge of a subject matter area, others like Albers recommends every technical communicator have knowledge of four spokes: information architecture, information design, management, and human factors. 
Spyridakis differs from the other authors as she highlights user experience and related areas as new skillsets for technical communicators. The author references UX many times and mentions how technical communicators should head into this field. Other researchers did not find or emphasize this field. For instance, Rainey & Dayton (2005) found usability tests to have a 1.9 mean and be a lower-ranked competency for technical communicators. However, content management and single sourcing were also low on this scale. Since both areas are popular now and are mentioned in the newer articles, it seems the field of technical communication has dramatically changed within ten years. 
Spyridakis ends her discussion by leaving readers with a list of courses for technical communication programs to consider. The list include management and collaboration courses, which tie into many of the other researchers’ articles. Once writers, technical communicators now must be able to adapt to new roles and carry a toolset of management, business, and soft skills. Technical communicators may one day be integral to every project. Andersen (2014) suggests technical communicators focus on integration and begin to play a role during every step of a project’s lifestyle to ensure the best product for their audience. 
